README.md, before:

# Portfolio
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://r2.itsureya.com/images/icon.ico" alt="Icon">
</div>
<p align="center"><b>Since 2022 and continuing...</b></p>

---

> [!NOTE]
> - Still under construction.
> - This is a clone of my main repository made in 2022. I had to private it due to privacy reasons.

## Instances:

- Oracle Cloud Instance: https://itsureya.com
- Home Server: https://me.itsureya.com
- Cloudflare Pages: https://about.itsureya.com

## 🐋 Docker:

simply run:

```
git clone https://github.com/shauryasagar/portfolio
docker compose up -d
```


## Last.fm Backend API Container:

Running on Oracle Clound Instance, https://api.itsureya.com/lastfm

- By default, **lastfm-api** container runs on port _3000_.
  - Edit script.js accordingly.
- **.env** stores username and api-key.

---

## Bugs:

- Main Background image snaps to different dimension when URL-bar collapses. (mobile)

### Trivia:
Most time spent on centering div.

---
<div align="center">
<img style="display: block;" height="60px" src="https://r2.itsureya.com/images/nyann.gif" alt="">
</div>

Commit message:

add PORT changing variable
Updated clone command to include directory change and added note about editing the PORT variable.

README.md, after:

# Portfolio
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://r2.itsureya.com/images/icon.ico" alt="Icon">
</div>
<p align="center"><b>Since 2022 and continuing...</b></p>

---

> [!NOTE]
> - Still under construction.
> - This is a clone of my main repository made in 2022. I had to private it due to privacy reasons.

## Instances:

- Oracle Cloud Instance: https://itsureya.com
- Home Server: https://me.itsureya.com
- Cloudflare Pages: https://about.itsureya.com

## 🐋 Docker:

simply run:

```
git clone https://github.com/shauryasagar/portfolio && cd portfolio
docker compose up -d
```


## Last.fm Backend API Container:

Running on Oracle Clound Instance, https://api.itsureya.com/lastfm

- By default, **lastfm-api** container runs on port _3000_.
  - Edit docker environment variable "PORT", to change it.
  - Edit script.js accordingly.
- **.env** stores username and api-key.

---

## Bugs:

- Main Background image snaps to different dimension when URL-bar collapses. (mobile)

### Trivia:
Most time spent on centering div.

---
<div align="center">
<img style="display: block;" height="60px" src="https://r2.itsureya.com/images/nyann.gif" alt="">
</div>
